Bea: Previously on Ponies...
Dane: For about a year.
we've been trying
to turn a Soviet agent.
CK Solar is highly placed
and working with important
Russian intelligence.
We need to get
that intelligence.
-We need to get to know
the person who lives there.
You go inside. look around.
tell us what you see.
Find out if he's trustworthy.
[phone ringing]
-You put a phone in my apartment
without telling me?
-So he called you?
-He asked me out!
-Hi.
-Twila Hasbeck.
-George Tallman.
I had a great time.
You're very easy to talk to.
-What's your name?
-Syeta.
[both panting. moaning]
[tense music]
[grunting. panting]
[Syeta grunts]
[♪]
[indistinct Russian
PA announcement]
["Hope" by Anna Herman playing]
[George sighs]
[exhales]
-So what do you think of Moscow?
Whatever you're
reading's English.
so I figured you speak it?
Yeah. I'm just here on business.
My company's thinking
of sending more people here
while they expand. but
I'm gonna go home and tell 'em.
"Send another guy."
I could never live here.
Not that America's perfect.
-I'm American. by the way.
-It is very American
to strike up a conversation
at an airport.
[indistinct Russian
PA announcement]
[tense music]
[breathing shakily]
-Excuse me.
Can you translate this for me?
-It says. "Easy virtue.
grave consequences."
This prostitute was
found dead in a park.
[George exhales shakily]
[♪]
[theme music]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[♪]
-[groans]
-[banging]
-Metal box of shit! God!
You fuck-- Well. I will
murder you. you useless robot!
Shit! What do you want me to do?
I press it.
I pressed the button.
-What do you want?
-Hey.
-Hmm?
-You need to talk to her.
-Well. I have to type up.
like. 15 pages of steno
for Alan right now.
This is just--
it's Twila's method.
-The Ambassador was
walking down the hallway
and heard her refer to
the Xerox machine as a...
-[softly] ...cunt.
-Oh. What did he say?
-Well. he's the Ambassador.
so he agreed with her.
He has to be diplomatic.
This is the US Embassy.
It is a very serious place.
We can't be referring to office
equipment as... genitalia.
Twila: Hallelujah!
God bless Jesus fucking Christ.
Cheryl: And now she's brought
Jesus Christ into it.
Aren't you offended?
-I'm Jewish.
-Oh. Okay. I didn't know that.
-Christ. Thank you!
Thank you. That's all
I ever wanted from you.
-I'm just saying. I don't
want your friendship with her
to tarnish your star. okay?
-That's all I'm saying.
-Here you go.
-Great.
-Mm-hmm.
-No. no. I said double-sided.
-It does double-sided?
-Hey. doll. My office.
-Oh. Guess you have
to make the copies.
Warmed up the machine for you.
-Cunt.
Shep: Where do you
think you left it?
George on phone: It's in
the hotel. I'm sure of it.
-Sure. Georgie here got a little
too hungover last night
-and lost his passport.
-Oh. no.
-Yeah. not hungover.
It's jet lag.
Shep: Christ.
you are such a Boy Scout.
Hey. remember that time
I drove my parents' car
through the front window
of that Friendly's?
Guess I should've called that
jet lag. huh. big guy?
-So what do you need me for?
-Get to the hotel
and find his passport
before someone sells it
on the black market.
-Okay. George. do you remember
where you left it?
-Um... [clears throat]
I'm pretty sure
I know where to look.
Do you wanna
pick up the receiver.
and then I'll-- I'll direct you?
-Twila: Hi.
-Okay. Is he still listening?
-Whoops.
-Nope.
George: Okay.
I didn't lose my passport.
Listen. just get in a cab.
go to the airport.
meet me by the Pan Am check-in.
I'll tell you everything.
Just hurry up.
Twila: Good God.
she was gorgeous.
-It said she was a prostitute.
-And she didn't
ask you for money?
-No.
Look. I wasn't just using her.
I know that's how it sounds.
I don't know.
I just felt a connection.
-You sure she didn't ask you
for money and you just
didn't understand 'cause
you don't speak Russian. or...
-We didn't really talk.
-Oh. Wow. Yeah. that's quite
the deep connection you had.
-[groans] God.
I don't know. I'm a mess.
I just wanna get out of here.
get back to my family.
and forget about this.
but I couldn't get on the plane
without at least
doing... something.
and I thought you could help me.
-How?
-Well. maybe you could help me
get an anonymous tip
to the police?
Tell them. like.
where she was that night.
Tell them she was a real person
and not just some statistic.
-I hate to break it to you.
George. but. you know.
if you.
a wealthy American businessman.
-had sex with a...
-Shh! Yes--
-...beautiful Russian woman
at some hotel in Moscow.
the KGB.
they already know about it.
The cops. the KGB.
it's all the same here.
She probably saw you coming
a mile away and targeted you.
-Sir. Sir!
They called our flight at last.
-We are boarding.
-Okay. Okay.
-Okay. Yeah. you get on
the plane. and I'll. uh--
I guess I'll look into this.
-Yeah.
-What are you gonna do?
-I don't know.
but. um... something.
I promise I'll do something.
I'm gonna make sure
they know she was a real person.
-Thank you. Twila.
-Yeah.
-All right.
-Okay.
[in Russian]
Emile:
-What the hell?
-Your accent
is not Muscovite at all.
-He'd pick up on that?
-Emile: Any idiot would.
-Did you pick up on it?
-Bea: I mean...
do you have
to throw the peanuts?
-Better peanuts than bullets.
Every time I throw a peanut.
imagine how it would feel
with a bullet.
Bang. bang.
Bea: Well. my family's from
Belarussia. Would that work?
Dane: Fine. When Andrei asks.
you're from Belarus.
-Okay.
-And we also have to account for
her being an old maid.
-I'm not an old maid!
My husband is dead.
-He was--
-He doesn't know that.
-Yes. but we should try to match
as much of your cover story
with your real story as we can.
that way you don't
-have to reach for a lie.
-Okay.
-So. you have
one younger brother.
Your parents work in a bakery.
You've had
three sexual partners.
-Uh. wait. sorry. what-- Um...
How did-- how did you know that?
-He asked. I guessed.
-How did you know that?
-You have to speak from a place
of truth as much as possible.
Otherwise. he'll know.
-And if he knows...
-Bang. bang.
-We'd like you to go in with
more information on Vasiliev.
That way you can
guide the conversation.
Ray has acquainted himself
with a dossier on his career.
and Mrs. Hasbeck has read
a dossier on his personal life.
-When did I get a dossier?
-Yesterday. When I told you
to read it for tonight?
-I thought that was just
more orientation material.
No one reads that.
-You didn't read
the orientation material?
Dane: Ray?
-Yes. uh... [clears throat]
...Andrei Vasiliev has risen
quickly within
the ranks of the KGB.
and Twila and I
both think that he is
a key asset to compromise.
He could be head
of the party one day.
He's married and has one child.
and he works in
the Special Office.
That means that
he's practically overseeing
every foreign citizen
living here in Moscow.
In other words.
his job is watching us.
-So if he's watching us.
was he watching Chris too?
-And Tom?
-Yes.
-Well. then presumably
he would-- he would know
what Chris's wife looks like.
-We don't believe so.
-Why don't you believe so?
-Well. firstly. there have been
hundreds of wives
at the Embassy.
The KGB has shown
no interest in any of them.
Secondly. if he recognized
Mrs. Hasbeck as Tom's wife.
then when she and I
ran into him.
I believe
he would've flaunted it.
And thirdly.
what would be the point
of running this date
as an operation?
-To kill her?
Dane: He knows
there are Moscow rules.
Whatever they do to us.
we do to them.
If he kills you.
we kill his wife.
[exhales]
-Hey. hey! Uh. thanks for
covering for me in there.
-Oh. sure. I mean. next time.
read what I tell you to read.
-Will do. yeah.
So. I was wondering if you could
help me with something else.
-sort of a research project--
-I don't really have time today.
I gotta get home to Cheryl.
-Cheryl. right.
Yeah. she doesn't strike me as
the kind of woman that likes
to wait around for her man.
-Ah. well. what can I say?
She's the boss. and
I'm just happy to be employed.
-That is so sad.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. Uh--
-Listen. why don't you
come by the office tomorrow?
-I'll see you then.
-I-- I don't know if this is.
uh. appropriate for the office.
You know. why don't. uh--
why don't you
look at it and tell me?
-Who is this?
-Uh. that's what
I'm trying to figure out.
She was a friend of a friend.
-Which friend?
-Some guy I know.
-All right. well. I am very
sorry for your friend's loss.
but I would highly encourage
you to stay away from
any and all criminal activity
happening in the city.
-You'd encourage us to stay away
from criminal activity?
You're sending Bea on
a date with Andrei Vasiliev.
-That is a mission
for the State.
That is a completely
different thing.
-Yeah. see. I wouldn't know.
because you don't
send me on missions.
-Listen. Dane and I will
have something for you soon.
-In the meantime. just sit--
-Just hear me out.
What if there's a connection
between the stuff
you guys are working on
and what happened to this woman?
-Why would there be?
-My friend was with her
the night before
she died. and...
there's things about the story
that just don't add up.
And we don't know
it's not connected. right?
So I just feel like
it's worth it to look into it.
-Can I ask why
you're so concerned
with an anonymous woman?
-I'm an anonymous woman.
-Well. I know by now
that it is pointless
to try and stop you
from doing something
-you're already gonna do.
-Yeah.
-You and Cheryl
have that in common.
[upbeat music playing]
-What if they expect me
to sleep with him?
You know? I can see Dane
springing that on me.
He'll use us for
that kind of thing.
-Well. would you?
-Sleep with
the future head of the KGB?
-Yes.
-No!
-What if he'd tell you
all their secrets if you did?
-In what scenario
would it be that simple?
-Maybe this scenario. I mean.
what if you having sex with
Andrei could stop a nuclear war?
-One fuck. no bomb.
-Oh. my God.
[chuckles]
-Okay.
I'm gonna teach you something.
There are things you can do
that'll keep him hooked.
at least for a little bit.
If you're strategic enough.
you can drag this whole thing
on multiple dates
before it becomes a problem.
-Strategic how?
-You gotta flirt with him
in a very specific way so that
he thinks it's gonna happen
the next time every time.
but it just never does.
-Well. what. because
he's told me all the KGB secrets
and we've stopped a nuclear war.
so now there's no need?
-It's a game of manipulation.
Most important thing is
never be alone with him.
No private places.
Always stay in public.
He's gonna try to
get you alone with him.
and you're gonna do the whole.
"Oh. not yet... not now."
Okay? But you can't
play that forever. 'cause
he's just gonna get bored and
he's gonna find someone else.
So you gotta give him
the impression that he's just
driving you crazy... down there.
Yeah. You can't stop
thinking about him.
He and only he is bringing out
the secret wild side of you.
And in inappropriate places.
you know? Like at work.
You're-- you're standing
there at your chalkboard
all distracted
ever since he called.
Mmm. and you gotta tell him
stories that create this imagery
in his brain of you being naked.
Yeah. like. uh. "Oh. I was
trying on some clothes today."
Or. "Oh. sorry I was late
to pick up the phone.
I was just changing."
You know. don't dwell on it.
just mention it.
But it'll work.
He'll be picturing you naked.
Yeah.
Oh. and. uh. compliment him.
You know. he's a man. so.
But he's handsome. right?
-Well. he's a KGB agent.
-Yeah. But. I mean.
he's decent-looking. You know?
And he's got this whole
androgynous David Bowie thing
going for him. so you just--
you can't stop
thinking about him.
-Well. if I can't
stop thinking about him.
then how is it
that I get to the date
and suddenly I don't wanna
be alone with him?
-Well. that's the thing.
You wish you could.
But you just can't.
Not yet. not now.
You could just always
have your period.
-What if he doesn't care?
-Oh...
you're not that kind of girl.
are you?
-No.
-But you are the kind of girl
that goes out of her way
to buy lacy little lingerie
on the black market and
wear it the night of the date
and it's just poking out
ever so slightly.
-What lingerie?
-You don't have any lingerie?
-Well. I have this one...
red lace set?
-And here I was thinking
all your undies
had the days of the week
printed on 'em.
-Well. Chris got it for me.
I never got to wear it for him.
I mean. I was planning on it.
You know. it was-- I wore it
to the Christmas Eve party.
but. uh...
then he died.
-Sorry. Bea.
-Yeah.
[phone ringing]
[tense music]
[Bea exhales]
[phone ringing]
[in Russian]
Mmm.
[birds chirping]
[knocking at door]
-Yes! I'm coming!
-Did I wake you?
Twila: What's that?
-Um. I--
I-- [sighs] I-- I couldn't
sleep last night. I was just--
I was thinking about
what you were saying...
about anonymous women.
-Huh. You wanna come in?
-Well. I-- I only
have an hour and a half
before Cheryl
gets back from karate.
-Cheryl does karate?
Ray: Maybe a dozen women
over the last two years.
All of them murdered.
all of them prostitutes.
That's the common thread.
-And none of these
articles mention
any of the other articles
or any of the other women
that have died?
-Right. because
the newspapers can't print
about dangerous crimes
in Moscow.
They can't make these murders
look connected. otherwise
they're implying that there's a
psycho killer loose in the city.
-So you think
they are connected?
-So do you.
-But if they print that
in the paper.
I mean.
they make Moscow look bad.
-[loudly] Moscow is bad.
[hushed] Sorry.
-Be quiet or turn up the music.
-Well. what about the cops?
-Well. the party line is
that these are individual women
being persecuted for
their poor moral choices.
-[scoffs] Wow.
-Yeah.
-I bet if anyone knows
what's going on here.
it's the women
in this line of work.
-Maybe. I-- I wouldn't know.
-That's why we're
gonna go ask 'em.
-Hi.
-Very busy. No time for you.
-I don't see any customers.
We need some help.
-Help does not cost nothing.
-Good thing we're buying.
-Who's your friend?
-He's. uh.
more of an acquaintance.
-My name is Raymond.
It's very nice
to meet you. Miss...
-Twila: Ivanna.
-Cute mittens.
-Oh. thank you.
My wife knitted them.
-I take mittens.
then I'll answer questions.
-My wife knitted them for me.
so these mean a lot.
and she would kill me--
-We're looking for a brothel.
-How will the wife of your
acquaintance feel about this?
-Ah. no. we're--
we're not going for that.
Uh. we just need
to talk to someone.
-What makes you think
I know where brothel is?
I run a legitimate business.
-Huh.
-Wha--
-Do you?
-It's a very cold day.
-Where would an important
American man go if he was.
you know.
looking for some company
and had some money to spend?
-This man has money?
-Yeah. And maybe so do I.
-Well.
if you have so much money.
you can spend more for me.
-Like what?
-A drink?
For a start. Later?
-Deal.
Ivanna: Go here. Talk to Maria.
I also wrote down
where you can get me a drink.
-All right.
Hmm.
[intriguing music]
-Um...
Okay.
Uh. we were just wondering.
-um. if we could ask you--
-Shower first.
-Do we have to shower
even if we're not having... sex?
-You don't have to whisper
"sex." This is a brothel.
-If you don't take shower.
my boss will hear it
and I will get in trouble.
-What if we just run it?
Okay.
-Is-- is that all right?
All right.
We. um. wanted
to ask a few questions
and see if you. um.
know of or recognize...
just any of these women here.
Um.
if any familiar faces jump out.
uh. just let us know.
Take a look.
[solemn music]
-Do you know them?
Some of these were my friends.
They're all gone.
-Yeah. we-- we wanna
find out who killed 'em.
Yeah. Do you. uh. recognize her?
Did she work here?
-Mmm. no.
She would not work here.
She's for. um...
if you have. um.
much more money.
-Right. But the-- the rest of
these women. they worked here?
-Here. or like here.
We all move around.
We cross ways from time to time.
Not this one. though.
This one. I don't know.
Ray: Okay. yeah.
-Thank you.
[upbeat music]
[Bea sighs]
[knocking at door]
-Evening.
We have a change of plan.
-Well. he's expecting me
at the movies at 7:00.
so. you know.
if I don't show up.
he's gonna suspect something.
-Oh. you're still gonna show up.
The start of your date
will proceed as planned.
It's the end
we need to talk about.
We have intel that
Andrei has a second home.
It's most likely a pied a terre
where he likes to bring women.
But it could also be the place
where he goes to conduct
his off-the-books work.
hides compromising material.
If we're gonna find
something that we can use
as leverage against him.
it's gonna be there.
so we need to bug the place.
Or. rather. you need to bug it.
-So you need me to go
to his place tonight?
-Shouldn't be hard.
Guy like that.
he'll probably be
trying to get you back there
before the previews are over.
What are you seeing. by the way?
I love movies.
-So you need me
to go to his place?
-Yes. It's useful
to be physically present
if you're gonna be
planting recording devices.
-I don't know how
to plant recording devices.
-I'll walk you through it.
You'll be taking
this purse. okay?
Everything you need is in here.
It's got a false bottom.
-Can't you send someone else
to bug his place
-while we're at the movies?
-We don't know where it is.
We know the address
of where he lives
with his wife and his daughter.
but not this place.
We'll find out tonight
when he takes you there.
-Well. I mean. I just wish
you'd trained me for this.
or. I don't know. you know.
warned me it might happen.
-If I had.
you'd have fixated on it.
-No. I... wouldn't.
-Come on. sit down.
If you're meeting him at 7:00.
we've only got a few minutes.
-I mean. I-- [sighs] It...
-Remind me why
you wanted to do this job.
-Look. I didn't say
that I wouldn't do it. okay?
I just...
-That wasn't my question.
-You know. it's important work.
-Important. To whom?
-The world.
-My father... was a milkman.
He was up at 4:00 a.m.
six days a week for 38 years.
I mean. people need milk.
they get milk. [chuckles]
And then one day. he died.
The next morning.
do you know what happened?
-People didn't get their milk.
-No. they did.
Somebody else delivered it.
Do you know why
I'm telling you this?
-Because at the end
of the day...
we're all milkmen.
and if we can't do it.
someone else will.
It has to get done.
I am replaceable.
-Wrong.
-Okay. then I have
absolutely no idea why
you're telling me this story.
-Because milkmen
do a necessary job.
It's not the same for us.
If all the spies on their side
and all the spies on our side
were suddenly gone tomorrow.
the world would carry on
working just the same.
[chuckles] Better. actually.
The only reason they have
spies on their side at all
is because we have
spies on our side.
So. again. I ask you:
why are you doing this job?
-I don't know
what you want me to say.
-I want you to tell the truth.
You're here because
you want to be here.
of some personal reason
that has meaning for you.
Why else would you be
risking your life for this?
And you are risking your life.
For what?
-To find out
what happened to Chris.
-Okay.
And if you found that out.
would you suddenly
turn around and go home?
-No.
I--
No.
-Maybe you're here
because you want answers.
Maybe you're here
because you want revenge.
Maybe you're here because...
your life showed such promise
and now seems so disappointing.
I don't-- I don't care
what the reason is.
All right?
That-- that's for you to know.
But it's for that reason
we are here tonight.
It's for that reason
you're gonna plant this bug.
It's for that reason it is
worth pushing past this fear
to get one step closer
to whatever it is that you...
really want.
[inhales shakily]
-Okay.
so it's got a false bottom?
-Yeah.
-Right?
-In here. Can you see?
-Okay. Uh-huh.
-Can you see that? Now this...
-Okay.
-...is the power pack.
-Oh. God.
-And this...
[♪]
♪ You lying so low
In the weeds ♪
♪ I bet you gonna ambush me ♪
♪ You'd have me down. down
Down. down on my knees ♪
♪ Now wouldn't you ♪
-Hi.
-Hey.
-I was just. uh. heading out.
What-- what are you doing here?
-You're going to see that woman
from the market. right?
-Maybe. For a drink or two.
-How well do you know her?
-Oh. it's just a drink. okay?
I'm not gonna tell her
any state secrets.
-Twila. Twila. Look.
I know that you think
that you know people.
that you believe that
you know who you can trust.
but this woman. your friend.
she is driven by money.
She showed herself to us.
I mean. what if someone
gives her more money?
Is she gonna sell you out?
-She would never do that.
-You don't know that.
-Neither do you.
-What if someone pays her
and she turns on Bea?
Twila. what if she tells someone
that there's an American
posed as a Russian woman
in order to go on a date with
a senior KGB official tonight?
-That's tonight?
No one told me that.
-Dean didn't tell you that
because it's need-to-know.
You could get her burned.
-I would never
put Bea in danger.
Why are you telling me this now?
-Maybe our boss doesn't think
you need to know. but I do.
Because I know that
you don't want Bea in danger.
The cinema.
Pushkin Square. Tonight.
["Can't Find My Way Home"
by Blind Faith playing]
♪ Come down off your throne
And leave your body alone ♪
♪ Somebody must change ♪
♪ You are the reason
I've been waiting so long ♪
[in Russian]
[upbeat music playing
over speakers]
[people in movie
laughing. cheering]
[actors speaking Russian]
[whispering in Russian]
[laughs nervously]
[low. tense music]
[chuckles]
[♪]
[whispering]
[car engine starts]
[♪]
[distant dog barking]
[laughs]
["She's So Primitive" by
Billy Clone & The Same on radio]
[rapid knocking at door]
[tense music]
[knocking continues]
-Hi. Hi.
-Wha-- what are you doing?
-I need your help.
So I was supposed to get Andrei
on his own so that I could
bug his apartment. but then
we couldn't go to his place
so he said let's go to my place.
but I live at the embassy.
and so I panicked. and so
this is the only other apartment
that I know of in Moscow--
-Wait. You've never
been to my apartment.
-No. no. no. but I know of it
because you work for us.
-Okay. okay.
Well. what do you need?
-I need to borrow your place
for. like. an hour. maybe two.
Could you just
go someplace else?
-What. now? Um--
-Yeah. kind of.
[knocking at door]
-Fuck! Fuck!
[Sasha stammering]
Could you--
Don't you have a balcony?
-What.
you want me to climb down? No!
-I really appreciate it.
Could you just...
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh. take this. He can't see it.
-[door slams]
-[Sasha groans]
-Ooh. it's cold! My shoes!
[knocking at door]
[Sasha panting]
[wind howling]
[♪]
-Shit.
[grunting]
[Sasha panting. shivering]
Twila: Hey!
Hey.
Wait. stop!
I-- I'm with. uh-- uh. Nadiya.
Yeah. we've seen each other
before. remember?
-I was eating the Kit Kats.
-If you're here to kill me.
just do it already.
-I'm-- I'm not here to kill you!
Look. I can't tell you who
I work for. but you're smart.
You can figure it out.
I'm speaking English.
-I'm American.
-Yeah. or posing as American.
-Obviously I'm American. I mean.
every other Russian knows
I'm American immediately.
[scoffs]
Can we stop walking. please?
-No. I actually
can't stop moving
-or my feet are gonna fall off.
-What?
-[shivering] My feet.
-Oh. Fuck. Uh. uh...
Okay. wait. I got an idea.
-What are you doing?
What are you doing?
-If you get frostbite
and you gotta get your feet
amputated on my watch.
they're for sure gonna fire me.
And I really can't get fired.
you know?
Yeah. just. uh. take my socks.
I've got three pairs on.
-Really?
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
-[Sasha shivers]
-You want-- Yeah.
There you go.
[Sasha exhales]
Is she okay up there?
-I don't know.
-Is this her purse?
[in Russian]
[sighs]
-[exhales]
-[door closes]
[suspenseful music]
[car engine starts]
-Now let's hope
he doesn't find it.
[Twila exhales]
-Where-- where did
you learn to do then?
-What. break into a car?
Well. you know. I was so young.
I don't even remember.
Where'd you learn how to
rewire a Soviet radio speaker?
-Well. I... like to tinker.
-Huh.
[exhales]
Sasha: Are you all right?
-I'm so sorry.
-Jesus! Thank God.
-Wait. what are you doing here?
-Wow. yeah. I. uh. thought
you might need some backup.
but you didn't.
-Well. I-- I think
I'm gonna be sick.
I didn't even
put the bug anywhere.
-Oh. don't worry. We did that.
I'll tell you about it
on the way.
-You did? Okay...
-Sasha: Yeah. well. uh...
I need to run my feet
under boiling water
to make sure they're still
attached in the morning.
-Yeah.
Wait.
Thank you.
-Anytime.
Well. not really anytime.
Uh. it was horrible.
Don't do this again.
-I'll-- I'll try not to.
[Bea sighs]
Twila: Wow. What a day!
-[gentle music playing]
-[Bea exhales]
I'm proud of us!
We made some tough choices
in the heat of the moment
and we pivoted.
and we accomplished
a version of the task.
I'm sure that Andrei guy does
some shady shit in his car too.
so Dane and Ray
will be impressed.
-Uh-huh.
-Wow.
What?
What-- what are you thinking?
-What?
-Oh. God.
He didn't rape you
or something. did he?
-Oh. my God. no.
-No?
-No. no. no. no. no. no.
No. we just made out.
-Oh.
-Yeah. and it was fine.
He was sweet.
I mean. sweet as someone can be
who's probably assassinating
hundreds of people a day.
-Hundreds?
We're thinking hundreds?
-Well. I don't know.
but even if it's one.
it's. like. a lot. you know?
I mean. he could have killed me.
I could be-- Oh.
I could be dead right now.
-Oh. no. He's not gonna
kill you till you guys fuck.
-Oh. how reassuring.
-Yeah.
-It's so weird. though.
-What part?
-Well. I haven't kissed
anyone new since I was 22.
You know.
it's just been Chris. so.
-Well. you know. you're doing
this whole thing for Chris.
-Yeah. that's also weird.
-I'm gonna get us some wine.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Uh. how did it end
with you and Andrei?
-Well. he. uh-- he wants
to go out again next week.
-Oh. look at you!
Got Russian intelligence wrapped
around your little finger.
-And by little finger. I mean--
-Yep. I can guess what you mean.
[Bea sighs. clears throat]
-Did you wear the lingerie?
-It worked.
-Ah! Red. for communism.
-Sure. [clears throat]
-Okay. Cheers.
That's good.
You know. I will never
get over how the Soviets
just leave their milk
out of the fridge.
-I know. What could it
possibly be made of
-that never goes bad?
-Mm-mm.
-But I guess
that's why you boil it.
-You don't have to boil it.
-Yeah. you do.
-No. you don't.
My grandpa was a milkman.
so I'm kind of an expert.
-Oh. my God.
Dane's dad was a milkman.
-No. he wasn't.
-That's what he told me.
-He told me his dad was
a petty officer in the Navy
and died in a POW camp
in World War II.
-That's... weird.
-Oh.
so we don't trust Mr. Redford.
-What do you mean?
-I mean. you stole some shit
from his apartment.
-Oh. no. no. no. no. That.
No. no. I just panicked.
No. I didn't want
Andrei to see it.
Yeah. No. I'll find a way
to get it back to him.
Why. do you not think
we can trust him?
I-- I mean. I think
we can trust him. right?
Like. he is spying on
his own government for us. so.
-Maybe he's
double-double crossing.
Like a triple agent.
That's a thing.
-No. I just--
I-- I trust him.
-Of course you do.
You think he's cute.
-What? No.
-Yeah. Oh. look at him!
[chuckles] Just your type.
-Please. no.
He looks nothing like Chris.
-Wait.
-What?
-I know her.
-Um...
-Okay?
I think that's his... sister?
How do you know her? Who is she?
Twila: I. uh...
Um. so. someone's been
killing all these women. and...
yeah.
she's one of the dead ones.
[tense music]
[in Russian]
[car engine starts]
["The Chain"
by Fleetwood Mac playing]
♪ Listen to the wind blow ♪
♪ Watch the sun rise ♪
♪ Run in the shadows ♪
♪ Damn your love
Damn your lies ♪
♪ And if you don't love me now
You will never love me again ♪
♪ I can still hear you sayin' ♪
♪ You would never
Break the chain ♪
♪ Never break the chain ♪
♪ And if you don't love me now
You don't love me now ♪
♪ You will never love me again
♪
♪ I can still hear you sayin' ♪
♪ You would never
Break the chain ♪
♪ Never break the chain ♪
[♪]
[overlapping chatter]
[camera shutter clicking]
[♪]
♪ Chain keep us together ♪
♪ Run in the shadow ♪
♪ Runnin' in the shadow ♪
♪ Chain keep us together ♪
♪ Run in the shadow ♪
♪ Runnin' in the shadow ♪
♪ Chain keep us together ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org